feat(docs): update product docs for self-driving IA (#18605)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/support/concepts/channels.mdx

---
title: Channels
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

A channel is a way a customer conversation reaches Support. Whatever channel a message arrives on, it becomes a [ticket](/docs/support/inbox) in the same inbox, so your team works from one place.

> Channels are your support context. In [Self-driving](/docs/self-driving) terms, the conversations they bring in are a signal source: recurring issues across your tickets become reports and, when there's a code fix, pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channels are your support context. In [Self-driving](/docs/self-driving) terms, the conversations they bring in are a signal source: recurring issues across your tickets become reports and actionable reports become pull requests.
```
